# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --output-file requirements/dev.txt requirements/dev.in
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   httpx
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
asgi-lifespan==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   referencing
    #   scriv
babel==2.16.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sphinx-prompt
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   click-log
    #   documenteer
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   scriv
click-log==0.4.0
    # via scriv
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
coverage==7.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
debugpy==1.8.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
documenteer==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   documenteer
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-jinja
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.16.1
    # via virtualenv
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via documenteer
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   respx
identify==2.6.1
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sphinx-prompt
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via myst-nb
ipython==8.28.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   myst-nb
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   myst-parser
    #   scriv
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-jinja
    #   sphinxcontrib-redoc
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   sphinxcontrib-redoc
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-cache==1.0.0
    # via myst-nb
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbformat
latexcodec==3.0.0
    # via pybtex
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via markdown-it-py
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   documenteer
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
    #   scriv
markupsafe==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mypy==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
myst-nb==1.1.2
    # via documenteer
myst-parser==4.0.0
    # via
    #   documenteer
    #   myst-nb
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclient
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   sphinx
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.3
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   documenteer
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   pydantic
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.12.0
    # via documenteer
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
pylatexenc==2.10
    # via documenteer
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-sugar
pytest-asyncio==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytest-sugar==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via jupyter-client
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   documenteer
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pre-commit
    #   pybtex
    #   sphinxcontrib-mermaid
    #   sphinxcontrib-redoc
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   documenteer
    #   scriv
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-youtube
respx==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
scriv==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
setuptools==75.2.0
    # via
    #   documenteer
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sphinxcontrib-redoc
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   anyio
    #   asgi-lifespan
    #   httpx
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.1.3
    # via
    #   documenteer
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinx-automodapi
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-jinja
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
    #   sphinxcontrib-mermaid
    #   sphinxcontrib-redoc
    #   sphinxcontrib-youtube
    #   sphinxext-opengraph
    #   sphinxext-rediraffe
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==2.5.0
    # via documenteer
sphinx-automodapi==0.18.0
    # via documenteer
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via documenteer
sphinx-design==0.6.1
    # via documenteer
sphinx-jinja==2.0.2
    # via documenteer
sphinx-prompt==1.9.0
    # via documenteer
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.6.3
    # via documenteer
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via documenteer
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-mermaid==1.0.0
    # via documenteer
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-redoc==1.6.0
    # via documenteer
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-youtube==1.4.1
    # via documenteer
sphinxext-opengraph==0.9.1
    # via documenteer
sphinxext-rediraffe==0.2.7
    # via documenteer
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via jupyter-cache
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-cache
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via pytest-sugar
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via documenteer
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbformat
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20240917
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
types-requests==2.32.0.20241016
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   mypy
    #   myst-nb
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/main.txt
    #   documenteer
    #   requests
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   types-requests
virtualenv==20.26.6
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-metadata
